Alex Catanzaro									15913 Cadoz Drive
https://alexcatanzaro.github.io/ac/						Austin, TX, 78728
alexcatanzaro@gmail.com								(817)300-7014									

SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE:

? Strong Python abilities, able to construct web-based asynchronous microservices, robust APIs, and comprehensive unit/functional tests. Experience developing with Tornado, requests, asyncio, etc  
? Ability to construct interactive web pages via HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
? Intermediate level SQL abilities, able to query, manipulate, and interact with SQL databases.
? SAP Basis proficiency. Ability to build new SAP systems and manage/support SAP systems.
? SAP BW proficiency. Analyze BW InfoProviders, edit data extractors and construct BEX reports.
? SAP EWM proficiency. Knowledge of Inbound and Outbound order processes. 
? SAP ABAP proficiency, ability to build reports with ALV output, and create Function Modules focusing on defect/problem resolution.
? Loftware Labeling OMS. Intimate knowledge of SAP-Loftware communications and data. transformations. Ability to create and modify labels and incoming SAP data for output.
? Network architectural principles, OSI Model, Ethernet, Subnetting, Packet Switching.

EXPERIENCE:

? Software Engineer, Q2ebanking - Premier Services (Austin, TX); February 2019 to Present; Full-stack Web Engineer: Custom backend/frontend microservice development, unit testing, consultative problem solutioning, peer-review, mentorship of junior engineers. Built out internal SSH Tool to increase development cycle time by ~33%. Developed Member Selection SSO service into reusable base package to be sold and delivered to customers. 
? SAP CCA Developer, General Motors (Austin, TX); June 2014 to February 2019; Basis Administrator/Developer: Systems administration, build new SAP systems, deliver enhancements, and develop solutions for an array of SAP Modules and Technologies (EWM, SPP, CRM, BI/BW, Basis). Responsible for Labeling and Output Management throughout Zaragoza, Spain SAP EWM Global implementation. Identified as Output Management SME  (SAP administration, Loftware Labeling).
? SAP OpEx Intern, Alcon Laboratories (Ft. Worth, TX); May 2013 to August 2013; Created systems interconnections map for Tibco migration, liaison for BMC Remedy support systems. 

EDUCATION:

? Bachelor of Business Administration (3.5 GPA) Baylor University (Waco, TX) MIS Major (3.9 GPA)
? Baylor Interdisciplinary Core (BIC Honors Program).  BIC provides an accelerated and global focus on humanities, social sciences, and the physical sciences.
? GTx Analytics: Essential Tools and Methods MicroMasters Program: Intro to Analytics Modeling, Computing for Data Analytics.
? Austin Stone Development Program (Austin Stone Institute) 

References Available Upon Request












